Yogini: Mother, it's Mathias on the phone again, it's Mathias on the phone again, he's talking
about lamb and things, he wants to talk about the lamb.
Shri Mataji: Lamb?
Huh?
Should I go in the room or?
Yogini: Is there a telephone extension in here?
Yogi: Yes.
Yogini: Is there a point from the wall?
Can anyone say point from the wall?
Yogini: Otherwise, there's one in the kitchen, mother, which...
Shri Mataji: There's a meat company, you can talk to the meat company, I think Frank can do something
about it.
So he wants to have an offer as soon as possible.
Isn't it?
It's a good solution.
It's maybe for this also you'll find this, but first of all this, there must be meat
companies here.
Yogini: Oh, I'm sure there are, mother.
As you say, Frank would be there.
Shri Mataji: [unclear].
And the meat.
[unclear]
To Poland.
Both.
And to Bulgaria.
What?
I think he's remembering.